hello and welcome to Henry's kitchen
where today we're going to be going to
be making the amazing tasty scotch egg
the Scotch egg claims to have been
invented by the London department store
Fortnum and Mason in 1732 but was most
likely inspired by the nog whole dish
nargiz e kofta narcissus meatballs okay
so the ingredients we're going to use
are our eggs our flour our ground turkey
some of our breadcrumbs and I like to
use some of our parsley just going to
break our eggs get a little bit of an
egg wash that we're going to use that
you can see I get a little bit of shell
in there just going to beat the eggs for
a little bit you know the Scottish have
a saying that age is just a number and
the higher that that number is the
closer you are to die start preparing
our turkey mixture I like to add a
little bit of cinnamon to make it nice
and breakfast be cinah me delicious see
and we're going to take our turkey
mixture and flatten it out and then what
I want you to do is pull the sides of
the wrapper up like so on all sides
until you have sort of a ball
ah
hold on everybody
oh okay okay up okay guys the
first thing I forgot to mention we're
going to want to hard boil our eggs
we're just going to peel our hard boiled
eggs back there's still a little bit
runny but that's okay because they're
going to cook in the oven we're going to
fold this around like so do the same
thing with this one
the next step is we're going to form
sort of an assembly line if you will
where I'm going to take one of our
Scotch eggs place it in our egg wash
surround it with a little bit of flour
and finally dip it in our bread crumbs I
was rolling on the bog on a misty Valley
rich morn and when an Englishman jumped
up and shouted home top of the mornin
row home till I gained fancy free with a
hang down low shave my belly with a
rusty knife and I woke up in the morning
a bottle of rum okay I've got the oven
preheated to 350 degrees we're going to
put our Scotch eggs in there for
approximately 12 hours and then late
tonight we're going to enjoy amazing
tasty Scotch eggs treats a bottle of rum
and a fancy jig and the road rise up to
meet
just pour another shrimp on the barbie
friend that I'll be there to greet you
ro hope skill D do whack all day on a
Tadeo with a bottle of rum and a drunken
whore and a go home in the morning we'll
hope denied a musty Irish morn and
friend action and a bucket with a
drunken whore and a go home in the
morning oh wow look at that top of the
morning to ya now you can serve your
Scotch eggs with just about any sauce
you can think of ketchup horseradish
personally I just like to use a little
bit of mustard my was Rovin on the bog
on a misty Norrish Warren and